Update install instructions for qcint (#84)
pyscf/pyscf.github.io: source/install.rst

     https://github.com/sunqm/qcint.git
     ...

> Also enable the flag ``BUILD_MARCH_NATIVE`` at the step of calling cmake to
> generate Makefile::
> 
>   cmake -DBUILD_MARCH_NATIVE=ON ..
> 
> This flag ensures the generated binary libraries using all possible CPU
> instructions. Without this flag, only SSE3 instructions will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At variance to libcint, qcint is built by default with the ``BUILD_MARCH_NATIVE=ON`` option, enabling the use of all CPU instructions supported by the processor. For a more portable qcint binary, the use of native optimizations can be turned off with::

  cmake -DBUILD_MARCH_NATIVE=OFF ..

When ``BUILD_MARCH_NATIVE=OFF``, only SSE3 instructions will be used by qcint, and the resulting binary can run on different processor models.
```
